README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋 I'm Ebad ur Rehman

### 🚀 Software Engineering Student | Embedded Systems & OOP | Calgary, AB

I am an engineering student with a focus on **Systems Programming**, **ML Applications**, and **Object-Oriented Design**.

I am actively seeking **Software Engineering Internships for Summer 2026**.

- 🔭 **I’m currently working on ...**
  - **[MMA-Tracker](https://github.com/ebadr761/mma-tracker):** An ML-trained application used by athletes to hone their skills and identify weaknesses in training (Python/Scikit-Learn).
  - Designing a bare-metal **Embedded System** on the **STM32** platform to master driver development.
 
- 🌱 **I’m currently learning ...**
  - **TypeScript** and **React** to modernize my portfolio website and build my skills so that I can work better as a Developer for the Hoplon startup.
  - Deepening my understanding of **Operating Systems** (Kernel structures, Concurrency, and Memory Management).
  - I'm also studying for the AWS Solutions Architect - Associate certification...

- 🛠 **My Technical Stack**
  - **Languages:** `C++`, `Java`, `C`, `Python`, `C#`, `TypeScript`
  - **Embedded:** STM32 (ARM Cortex), PIC24F16KA101, UART/SPI/I2C/UWM
  - **Web & Cloud:** React, Node.js, AWS, SQL (PostgreSQL/MySQL), NoSQL (MongoDB)
  - **Data & ML:** Pandas, Scikit-Learn
  - **Tools:** Git, Linux, Bash

---
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C-A8B9CC?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white" />
</p>

Commit message:

update what i'm working on: Hoplon Startup
Updated personal information and project details in README.

README.md, after:

## Hi there 👋 I'm Ebad ur Rehman

### Software Engineering Student | Calgary, AB

I am an engineering student with interest on **Embedded Systems**, **ML Applications**, and **anything else I end up finding enjoying to work on**!

- 🔭 **I’m currently working on ...**
  - **[MMA-Tracker](https://github.com/ebadr761/mma-tracker):** An ML-trained application used by athletes to hone their skills and identify weaknesses in training (Python/Scikit-Learn).
  - Designing a bare-metal **Embedded System** on the **STM32** platform to master driver development.
  - **Hoplon** which is a startup platform designed to streamline operations for industries heavily dependent on on-site work like construction, logistics, field services. (I use Convex + TypeScript as a backend dev)
 
- 🌱 **I’m currently learning ...**
  - **TypeScript** and **React** to modernize my portfolio website and build my skills so that I can work better as a Developer for the Hoplon startup.
  - Deepening my understanding of **Operating Systems** (Kernel structures, Concurrency, and Memory Management).
  - I'm also studying for the AWS Solutions Architect - Associate certification...

- 🛠 **My Technical Stack**
  - **Languages:** `C++`, `Java`, `C`, `Python`, `C#`, `TypeScript`
  - **Embedded:** STM32 (ARM Cortex), PIC24F16KA101, UART/SPI/I2C/UWM
  - **Web & Cloud:** React, Node.js, AWS, SQL (PostgreSQL/MySQL), NoSQL (MongoDB)
  - **Data & ML:** Pandas, Scikit-Learn
  - **Tools:** Git, Linux, Bash

---
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C-A8B9CC?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white" />
</p>
